docs: add `compile-html` (#1751)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/deployment/compile-custom-application.mdx

---

> title: Compiling Custom Application

Reviewer: PS: you also need to update the navigation data yaml file

Reviewer 2: Filename and header are still different though. Is that intended?

This section helps prepare your Custom Application for static hosting by going through the compilation step.

# Why compile?

When creating a [production build](/deployment/production-build), `mc-scripts build` takes your Custom Application code and generates assets that can be served statically.

One of these assets is a file named `index.html.template`. This file contains references to bundles (your code and other assets) and placeholders that needs to be replaced with values specific to your [Custom Application configuration](/development/application-config).

Therefore, compiling the application simply results in having a final `index.html` with all the correct runtime values in place.

Once your Custom Application is compiled, it is ready for deployment.

# Prerequisites

Before you get started, you need to do the following:

- [Configure your Custom Application](/development/application-config).
- Create a [production build](/deployment/production-build) of your Custom Application.

# Compiling your Custom Application

Run the following to compile your Custom Application:

```console
yarn compile-html --use-local-assets
```

<Info>

> The `--use-local-assets` option is only needed in this example. We strongly recommend that you do not use local assets but serve static assets from a CDN or Cloud Storage. See [Serving static assets](/deployment/serving-static-assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--use-local-assets` option is only needed in this example. Generally we recommend that you do not use local assets but serve static assets from a CDN or Cloud Storage, according to your hosting provider. See [Serving static assets](/deployment/serving-static-assets) for more information.
```
